DOC-718: Document new notification events (#1764)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: release-notes/release-notes56.md

For information on the `name` field, see: [User interface - `style_formats`]({{ site.baseurl }}/configure/editor-appearance/#style_formats).

### New editor events

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

{{site.productname}} 5.6 introduces several new events that integrators can use for custom functionality:

```

> - The new `TableModified` event is fired when style or structural changes are made to a table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A new `TableModified` event which is fired when a style or structural change is made to a table.
```

> - Two new core events that are fired before and after displaying notifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Two new core events which are fired before and after displaying notifications.
```

> For more information on the `TableModified` event, see: [Table plugin - `events`]({{ site.baseurl }}/plugins/table/#events).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For information on the `TableModified` event, see: [Table plugin - `events`]({{ site.baseurl }}/plugins/table/#events).
```

> For more information on core editor events, see: [Editor core events]({{ site.baseurl }}/advanced/events/#editorcoreevents).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For information on core editor events, see: [Editor core events]({{ site.baseurl }}/advanced/events/#editorcoreevents).
```

For information on the `emoticons_images_url` option, see: [Emoticons plugin - `emoticons_images_url`]({{ site.baseurl }}/plugins/emoticons/#emoticons_images_url).

> ### New Notification events

Reviewer 2: I don't think we need 2 release notes for the new events. Could we merge them into a single "New editor events" note instead please?
